.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "PARAPROF" "1" "07/06/2007" "" "Tools"
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
paraprof \- Opens TAU's performance data viewer.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP 9
\fBparaprof\fR [\-h,\ \-\-help] [\-p] [\-f,\ \-\-filetype\ \fIfiletype\fR] [\-i,\ \-\-fixnames] [\-\-pack\ \fIfile\fR] [\-\-dump] [\-m,\ \-\-monitor]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
For the TAU profiles type, you can specify either a specific set of profile files on the commandline, or you can specify a directory (by default the current directory). The specified directory will be searched for profile.*.*.* files, or, in the case of multiple counters, directories named MULTI_* containing profile data.
.SH "OPTION"
.PP
\-p Use `pprof` to compute derived data.
.PP
\-f, \-\-filetype
\fIfiletype \fR
Specify type of performance data, options are: profiles (default), pprof, dynaprof, mpip, gprof, psrun, hpm, packed, cube, hpc
.PP
\-i, \-\-fixnames Use the fixnames option for gprof.
.PP
\-\-pack
\fIfile \fRPack the data into packed (.ppk) format (does not launch ParaProf GUI)
.PP
\-\-dump Dump profile data to TAU profile format (does not launch ParaProf GUI).
.PP
\-m, \-\-monitor Perform runtime monitoring of profile data
