.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "TAU2ELG" "1" "06/04/2008" "" "Tools"
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
tau2elg \- convert TAU tracefiles to Epilog tracefiles
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP 8
\fBtau2elg\fR [\fB\-nomessage\fR] [\fB\-v\fR] {\fItau_tracefile\fR} {\fItau_eventfile\fR} {\fIelg_tracefile\fR}
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
This program is generated when TAU is configured with the \-epilog=<epilog_dir> option.
.PP
The tau2elg trace converter takes a tau trace file (*.trc) and event definition file (*.edf) and produces a corresponding epilog binary trace file (*.elg). Multi\-file TAU traces must be merged before conversion.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
\fB\-nomessage\fR
Suppresses printing of message information in the trace.
.PP
\fB\-v\fR
Verbose mode sends trace event descriptions to the standard output as they are converted.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
The program must be run with the tau trace, tau event and elg output files specified in the command line in that order. Any additional arguments follow. The following would convert merged.trc and tau.edf to the Epilog tracefile app.elg, with message events omitted:
.sp
.nf
./tau2vtf merged.trc tau.edf app.elg \-nomessage
      
.fi
.sp
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
tau_merge(1)
