.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "TAU2PROFILE" "1" "06/04/2008" "" "Tools"
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
tau2profile \- convert TAU tracefiles to TAU profile files
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP 13
\fBtau2vprofile\fR [\fB\-d\fR\ \fIdirectory\fR] [\fB\-s\fR\ \fIsnapshot_interval\fR] {\fItau_tracefile\fR} {\fItau_eventfile\fR}
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
This program is generated when TAU is configured with the \-TRACE option.
.PP
The tau2profile converter takes a single tau_tracefile (*.trc) and tau_eventfile (*.edf) and produces a corresponding series of profile files. The input files must be specified in that order, with optinal parameters coming afterward. Multi\-file TAU traces must be merged before conversion.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
\fB\-d\fR
Output profile files to the specified 'directory' rather than the current directory.
.PP
\fB\-s\fR
Output a profile snapshot showing the state of the profile data accumulated from the trace every 'snapshot_interval' time units. The snapshot profiles are placed sequentially in directories labled 'snapshot_n' where 'n' is an integer ranging from 0 to to the total number of snapshots \-1.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
The program must be run with the tau trace and tau event files specified in the command line in that order. Any additional arguments follow. The following will produce a profile file array, from the TAU trace and event files merged.trc and tau.edf trace file:
.sp
.nf
tau2profile merged.trc tau.edf
      
.fi
.sp
The following will convert merged.trc and tau.edf to a series of profiles one directory higher. It will also produce a profile snapshot every 250,000 time units:
.sp
.nf
tau2profile merged.trc tau.edf \-d ./.. \-s 250000
      
.fi
.sp
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
vtf2profile(1),
tau2vtf(1),
tau2otf(1),
tau_merge(1),
tau_convert(1)
