.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "TAU2SLOG2" "1" "04/25/2011" "" "Tools"
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
tau2slog2 \- convert TAU tracefiles to SLOG2 tracefiles
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP 10
\fBtau2slog2\fR [\fBoptions\fR] {\fItau_tracefile\fR} {\fItau_eventfile\fR} {\fB\-o\fR\ \fIoutput.slog2\fR}
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
This program is generated when TAU is configured with the \-slog2 or \-slog2=<slog2_dir> option.
.PP
The tau2slog2 trace converter takes a single tau trace file (*.trc) and event definition file (*.edf) and produces a corresponding slog2 binary trace file (*.slog2).
.PP
The tau2slog2 converter is called from the command line with the locations of the tau trace and event files. These arguments must be followed by the \-o flag and the name of the slog2 file to be written. tau2slog 2 accepts no other arguments.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
\fB[\-h|\-\-h|\-help|\-\-help]\fR
Display HELP message.
.PP
\fB [\-tc]\fR
Check increasing endtime order, exit when 1st violation occurs.
.PP
\fB [\-tcc]\fR
Check increasing endtime order,continue when violations occur.
.PP
\fB [\-nc number]\fR
Number of childern per node (default is 2)
.PP
\fB [\-ls number]\fR
Max byte size of leaf nodes (default is 65536)
.PP
\fB [\-o output.slog2]\fR
Output filename with slog2 suffix
.SH "NOTES"
.PP
The max byte size of leaf nodes can be specified with suffix k, K, m or M, where k or K stands for kilobyte, m or M stands for megabyte. e.g. 64k means 65536 bytes.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
A typical invocation of the converter, to create app.slog2, is as follows:
.sp
.nf
tau2slog2 app.trc tau.edf \-o app.slog2
      
.fi
.sp
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
tau_merge(1),
tau_convert(1)
