.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "VTF2PROFILE" "1" "06/29/2007" "" "Tools"
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
vtf2profile \- Generate a TAU profile set from a vampir trace file
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP 12
\fBvtf2profile\fR [\fB\-p\fR\ \fIprofile\fR] [\fB\-i\fR\ \fIinterval_start\fR\ \fIinterval_end\fR] [\fB\-c\fR] [\fB\-h\fR] {\fB\-f\fR\ \fItracefile\fR}
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
vtf2profile is created when TAU is configured with the \-vtf=<vtf_dir> option. This tool converts a VTF trace file (*.vpt) to a tau profile set (profile.A.B.C where A, B and C are the node, context and thread numbers respectively).
.PP
The vtf file to be read is specified in the command line by the \-f flag followed by the file's location. The VTF tracefile specified may be in gzipped form, eg app.vpt.gz. \-p is similarly used to specify the relative path to the directory where the profile files should be stored. If no output directory is specified the current directory will be used. A contiguous interval within the vtf file may be selected for conversion by using the \-i flag followed by two integers, representing the timestamp of the start and end of the desired interval respectively. The entire vtf file is converted if no interval is given.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
\fB\-f tracefile\fR
\-Specify the Vampir tracefile to be converted.
.PP
\fB\-p profile\fR
\-Specify the location where the profile file(s) should be written.
.PP
\fB\-i interval_start interval_end\fR
\-Limit the profile produced to the specified interval within the vampir trace file.
.PP
\fB\-c\fR
\-Opens a command line interface for the program.
.PP
\fB\-h\fR
\-Displays a help message.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
To convert a vampir tracefile, trace.vpt, to an equivalent TAU profile, use the following:
.sp
.nf
vtf2profile \-f trace.vpt
    
.fi
.sp
To produce a TAU profile in the ./profiles directory representing only the events from the start of the tracefile to timestamp 6000, use:
.sp
.nf
vtf2profile \-f trace.vpt \-p ./profiles \-i 0 6000
    
.fi
.sp
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
tau2vtf(1),
tau2profile(1)
